1.
about this session, let's show technical framework about xxx project and how used related technology in xxx project. final we will show project structure for us.
let's go though the image, These logos represent the different techniques used in the current project, we will introduce these part.
.we use react and react router to be the project base framework.
and used MUI component library to develop ui code and adapting whole project style.
axios provide ajax async communication.such as send https request to get or modify group info.
we want to run xxx project in local env, so it's a good way to use mirageJs to mock server api.
and about unit test. we use jest library and react testing library to develop unit test.
husky is a plugin for adding git hooks , we use husky to add git commit hook, avoid some test run failed when we committed.
ESLint provide statically analyzes for your code to quickly find problems. it's useful when developing.

2.
react is a JavaScript library for building user interfaces,
it provide a script to help user quickly build single page reach App. this example is create my-app, it just one line code so simply.
if want create a typescript app, you can added parameter double bar template typescript.

3.
react components let you split the UI into independent, reusable pieces. in our project the vise table and mastercard table have same structure,
we can define a table component for these twe table. we just can input different data can show visa table and mastercard table.
we can define component as function or lambda.

4.
react hooks provide global context, packaged side effect, about this example to introduce effect hooks, we can declare a State variable is count, and if the count have been updated,
the useEffect function will sync run to update document title. state and effect function all belong to the hooks. in the project use basic hooks: useState and useEffect and useContext.
and the hooks provide other's Additional Hooks: such as useMemo, useCallback (to resolve repeat render / optimize performance).

5.
React Router is a fully-featured client and server-side routing library for React. based by the image can understand react router.
chrome return our react app when visiting web page. we can config each component a URI. router based URI to control different components render in a current page.
and the link will happened change, but it will not causing a full page reload.






